[2628][3087][ADD] auction_custom_filter (#47)
qrtl/rmm-custom: portal_share_custom_filter/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

- Gvie portal users readonly access for ir.filters.group difined base_custom_filter to use filters

> - If portal_share in if.filters model is True, the filter can be used by portal users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gvies auction users readonly access to ir.filters.group defined by base_custom_filter (auction users cannot use filters, otherwise)
- If portal_share in if.filters record is True, the filter can be used by auction users.
```
